README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Filip

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8y0uJpmXE1rLrn6gYq8cyQ) • [Twitter](https://twitter.com/wrobl_ewski)

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### Python (Django)

- [**WorkoutApp**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/WorkoutApp): 👨‍🎓 Bachelor of Engineering title. App created using django and PayPal API.

### Python (Selenium)

- [**Automatically testing website**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/testing-tryton-website): Using selenium to test website by automate processes.
  Tools: Python, Selenium, Unittest, Re

### TypeScript

- [**MediBankSecureCach**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/MediBankSecureCash): A project involving simulation of a building security system allowing access to specific rooms by gates with cards. Additionally,
  containing implemented functionalities related to object-oriented-programming and design patterns.

### JavaScript (React.js)

- [**SayMeQuizzApp**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/SayMeQuizzApp): A project involving a simulation of a live TV show, featuring a quiz game with other players. Built as single-user and single-page
  application, to present on live-stream platforms, also allowing to create teams, import and export questions, and follow quiz game
  concepts.

### PHP

- [**Oto sadzonki (seedling management system)**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/oto_sadzonki): A project involving management of seedlings system with implemented functionalities such as: user authentication, passwords
  encryption (using Argon), sessions, payments (using PayPal) and account email notifications, and connection to a database (MySQL).

## Other Projects

### Python

- [**Bot Instagram - F4F**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/Instagram-bot-4F4): Using programming to control keyboard and mouse. Project was created to simulate user activities on Instagram. Tools: Python, Pyautogui, Time
- [**Bot ScoopIt**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/ScoopIt-bot): Automation of activities on the website, and addition of posts on social media app - ScoopIt.
  Tools: Python, Selenium, Webdriver, Pyperclip, Time, OOP
- [**Game - Daily quests**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/projects/tree/main/margonem%20daily%20quests): Using programming to control keyboard and mouse. Project simulating user activities in an MMORPG game Margonem.
  Tools: Python, Pyautogui, Time
- [**Word search finder**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/word-search): A project in object-oriented programming, tested using Unittest. Finds words in inserted crosswords.
  Tools: Python, Pyautogui, Unittest, OOP
- [**Time Tracker**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/TimeTracker): A project meant for increasing one’s productivity by tracking the time spent in front of a computer and reporting the time in a json file.
  Tools: Python, Time, Datetime, Win32gui, Json, Os
- [**Database price update - e-commerce shop**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/database-price-update---e-commerce-shop): A project meant for updating prices of products in database using Api and creating report of the database table. Also tracking
  information in log file.
  Tools: Python, Logging, Sys, Mysql, Xlsxwriter, Requests

### SQL

- [**Data warehouse - employment in the labor market**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/data-warehouse-project-1): A project meant for collecting and analyze data on employment in the labor market using data warehouse. Data are given with dirty
  csv file, plan of data warehouse – star shape diagram, implementation of ETL processes, reports of results from data warehouse.
  Tools: PostgreSQL, PL/pgSQL, Pentaho Data Integration, Pentaho Report Design

### C#

- [**SeedlingManagementSystem Client-Server**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/SeedlingManagementSystem_Client-Server): A project which implements of online shop based on console app.
- [**Data structures - BST, SLL**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/blob/main/algorithms/bst%20and%20sll.cs): A project which implements data structure of a binary search tree, and a single linked list
- [**Sorting algorithms**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/blob/main/algorithms/sorting%20algorithms.cs): A project which realizes processes of sorting algorithms: by selection, insertion, quick, merge, Shell’s method of sorting.
- [**Data structures – Graph**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/blob/main/algorithms/Graphs.cs): A project enabling the user to demonstrate data in form of a graph; with additional functionality, and graph sorting algorithms.
- [**Library**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/tree/main/object-oriented%20programming/biblioteka%20-%20consol): A project which shows a system of managing library withe a use of programming.

### Unity

- [**Unity 2D Platform Game**](https://youtu.be/v04eeXcSThM): A 2D game comprised of an environment with a player and such functionalities as: player control, animations, item collection,
  information display, different levels, both static and dynamic player-trapping systems, and sound effects.
- [**Unity 3D Game**](https://youtu.be/CZXDpp8wKlo): A 3D game comprised of a terrain with a player and enemies. The project includes such functionalities as: various types of object
  control in game, direct and area effects of abilities, ability to defeat enemies, and player-detection by the enemies.

## 💻 Skills

- **Languages:** Python, C#, JavaScript, TypeScript, PHP, PL/pgSQL
- **Frameworks:** Django, Bootstrap, React.js, Laravel, Yii 2
- **Databases:** MySQL, PostgrSQL, SQL, SQLite, Data warehouse
- **Tools:** Git, Docker, AWS, Unity, Figma, Excel

## 📬 Let's Connect!

I'm always open to interesting projects and collaborations. Feel free to reach out:

- 🐦 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/wrobl_ewski)
- 🎬 [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8y0uJpmXE1rLrn6gYq8cyQ)

Happy coding! 🚀

Commit message:

add Hydroponics project to list

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Filip

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8y0uJpmXE1rLrn6gYq8cyQ) • [Twitter](https://twitter.com/wrobl_ewski)

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### Python (Django REST Framework)

- [**Hydroponics management**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/django-hydroponics-management): 🌱💧 A Django-based application to manage hydroponic systems with full CRUD capabilities, sensor data management, and user authentication, using both API and admin panel.

### Python (Django)

- [**WorkoutApp**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/WorkoutApp): 👨‍🎓 Bachelor of Engineering title. App created using django and PayPal API.

### Python (Selenium)

- [**Automatically testing website**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/testing-tryton-website): Using selenium to test website by automate processes.
  Tools: Python, Selenium, Unittest, Re

### TypeScript

- [**MediBankSecureCach**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/MediBankSecureCash): A project involving simulation of a building security system allowing access to specific rooms by gates with cards. Additionally,
  containing implemented functionalities related to object-oriented-programming and design patterns.

### JavaScript (React.js)

- [**SayMeQuizzApp**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/SayMeQuizzApp): A project involving a simulation of a live TV show, featuring a quiz game with other players. Built as single-user and single-page
  application, to present on live-stream platforms, also allowing to create teams, import and export questions, and follow quiz game
  concepts.

### PHP

- [**Oto sadzonki (seedling management system)**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/oto_sadzonki): A project involving management of seedlings system with implemented functionalities such as: user authentication, passwords
  encryption (using Argon), sessions, payments (using PayPal) and account email notifications, and connection to a database (MySQL).

## Other Projects

### Python

- [**Bot Instagram - F4F**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/Instagram-bot-4F4): Using programming to control keyboard and mouse. Project was created to simulate user activities on Instagram. Tools: Python, Pyautogui, Time
- [**Bot ScoopIt**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/ScoopIt-bot): Automation of activities on the website, and addition of posts on social media app - ScoopIt.
  Tools: Python, Selenium, Webdriver, Pyperclip, Time, OOP
- [**Game - Daily quests**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/projects/tree/main/margonem%20daily%20quests): Using programming to control keyboard and mouse. Project simulating user activities in an MMORPG game Margonem.
  Tools: Python, Pyautogui, Time
- [**Word search finder**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/word-search): A project in object-oriented programming, tested using Unittest. Finds words in inserted crosswords.
  Tools: Python, Pyautogui, Unittest, OOP
- [**Time Tracker**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/TimeTracker): A project meant for increasing one’s productivity by tracking the time spent in front of a computer and reporting the time in a json file.
  Tools: Python, Time, Datetime, Win32gui, Json, Os
- [**Database price update - e-commerce shop**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/database-price-update---e-commerce-shop): A project meant for updating prices of products in database using Api and creating report of the database table. Also tracking
  information in log file.
  Tools: Python, Logging, Sys, Mysql, Xlsxwriter, Requests

### SQL

- [**Data warehouse - employment in the labor market**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/data-warehouse-project-1): A project meant for collecting and analyze data on employment in the labor market using data warehouse. Data are given with dirty
  csv file, plan of data warehouse – star shape diagram, implementation of ETL processes, reports of results from data warehouse.
  Tools: PostgreSQL, PL/pgSQL, Pentaho Data Integration, Pentaho Report Design

### C#

- [**SeedlingManagementSystem Client-Server**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/SeedlingManagementSystem_Client-Server): A project which implements of online shop based on console app.
- [**Data structures - BST, SLL**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/blob/main/algorithms/bst%20and%20sll.cs): A project which implements data structure of a binary search tree, and a single linked list
- [**Sorting algorithms**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/blob/main/algorithms/sorting%20algorithms.cs): A project which realizes processes of sorting algorithms: by selection, insertion, quick, merge, Shell’s method of sorting.
- [**Data structures – Graph**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/blob/main/algorithms/Graphs.cs): A project enabling the user to demonstrate data in form of a graph; with additional functionality, and graph sorting algorithms.
- [**Library**](https://github.com/filipwroblewski/wsb/tree/main/object-oriented%20programming/biblioteka%20-%20consol): A project which shows a system of managing library withe a use of programming.

### Unity

- [**Unity 2D Platform Game**](https://youtu.be/v04eeXcSThM): A 2D game comprised of an environment with a player and such functionalities as: player control, animations, item collection,
  information display, different levels, both static and dynamic player-trapping systems, and sound effects.
- [**Unity 3D Game**](https://youtu.be/CZXDpp8wKlo): A 3D game comprised of a terrain with a player and enemies. The project includes such functionalities as: various types of object
  control in game, direct and area effects of abilities, ability to defeat enemies, and player-detection by the enemies.

## 💻 Skills

- **Languages:** Python, C#, JavaScript, TypeScript, PHP, PL/pgSQL
- **Frameworks:** Django, Bootstrap, React.js, Laravel, Yii 2
- **Databases:** MySQL, PostgrSQL, SQL, SQLite, Data warehouse
- **Tools:** Git, Docker, AWS, Unity, Figma, Excel

## 📬 Let's Connect!

I'm always open to interesting projects and collaborations. Feel free to reach out:

- 🐦 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/wrobl_ewski)
- 🎬 [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8y0uJpmXE1rLrn6gYq8cyQ)

🚀
